# Increasing Customer's Loyalty in a Milktea and Coffee Shop

## Introduction

In the world of retailers, customers typically patronize multiple shops thus making loyalty programs a favorite among retailers to retain their customers. Loyalty programs are utilized across many different businesses as a marketing strategy to encourage customers to continuously shop or patronize the services provided by a certain organization. However, one of the biggest problems faced by these businesses is customer churn. The purpose of this research was to build a predictive model, which could predict customer churn, where visualization of data was generated to better understand the existing members and see the patterns and behavior demonstrated by members of the loyalty program. Through these, meaningful insights about the businesses’ analysis on customers could be gathered and utilized for better actions which could be taken to address the issues which the company faces. At the end, based on the issues found, strategies were proposed to address the issues found. Both Milktea and coffees require a fantastic product (One Million coffee and Milktea made from high-quality leaves) and a reliable provider that consistently provides you the finest. Additionally, having a barista and a sommelier who can create a wonderful selection for the shop based on its aesthetic, projected clientele, and cuisine is essential. You will have built a product that stands out from the crowd and will surely work as a powerful magnet to attract clients if you do so.
  	Nowadays, when it comes to milk tea there are so many competitors that encounter because of the in-demand business that researchers create a loyalty program to increase customers and to be consistent. When customers are consistent with the brand of milk tea the best ways to continue that relationship is by recognizing and rewarding it. That's why loyalty programs are a great way to show the repetition of customers' appreciation of the milk tea and continue to come back.
In response to the aforementioned problem, the researchers created an Increasing Customer Loyalty in Milk Tea and Coffee shop designed to incentive repeat purchases by providing its member discounts, unique offers, VIP events and more. The primary purpose of this program is to keep customers coming back for more . Through this, the customer will attract a new customer, retain existing customer, reactivate dormant customer and nudge them to spend more.

## Problem Statement

Milktea and Coffee shop owners find it increasingly difficult to remain in business because of intense competition and the vagaries of customer preferences. The general business problem is that some small business owners are unable to survive during the first 5 years of operation. The specific business problem is that some milk tea and coffee shop owners lack the marketing strategies to sustain business operations.
This entails figuring out who you want to attract as a consumer. Do you want to appeal to the hipster set, the stroller brigade of young parents searching for a place to meet up with pals or individuals who work in neighboring workplaces. Once you've figured out who your target customer is, avoid a dentity crisis by planning everything  from the name and venue to the menu around them. It's also critical that these professionals can train personnel how to make each cup to perfection, unquestionably utilizing the best manner available and following extremely specific protocols. Serve the appropriate amount of coffee and Milktea at the appropriate temperature and timing.
A customer's favorite milk tea and coffee is made perfectly one day then tastes terrible the next, don't expect him to return. Customers will only return if they are consistently served delicious drinks and receive exceptional service.
Slow service is a common management issue that coffee shop owners encounter, particularly in locations that offer a wide range of personalized coffee mixes. The answer is yet another efficient POS system that because it is built for use in food service contexts and preferable, can be tailored expressly for Milktea and coffee shops delivers on the promise of speed. The best POS systems also make management easier by tracking customer information, forecasting staffing needs using traffic patterns, adjusting pricing, generating actionable reports facilitating tip reconciliation and integrating with other solutions, such as accounting software. One common management-related problem faced by coffee shop owners is slow service, especially in establishments that offer a variety of customized coffee preparations.


## Significance of the Proposed Project

**For the Students.** The significance of this study is to help students, most specifically for marketing students to further understand what marketing strategy is. This is to help them have an idea on how to formulate a good and effective marketing strategy just like what the selected milk tea shops implemented. This study will also heighten their capability of employing their knowledge to the business world and as a part of their daily practices.

**For the Customers.** This study will help the customers on their consuming behavior, giving them knowledge on how the milk tea shops are being operated. It may help customers to be aware and to be informed about the marketing strategies used by selected milk a tea shop that influences them in making a decision on where to buy. This will help them realize how these marketing strategies affect their behavior.Keep a database of all the Coffee and Milktea requests you get and use it to update your menu on a regular basis. There is no better method to satisfy your consumers than to keep track of their real consumption patterns.

**For the Business Owners.** This study will benefit an individual as an eye opener on how they can operate their business. It is also beneficial for entrepreneurs, to help them in formulating and applying the most effective marketing strategies that is used by successful milk tea shops in order to gain larger profit and for the betterment of the strategies that they are using. This will help them have an idea on how they can adapt these strategies to their own business.

**For the Marketing Staff.** This study will help the marketing staff in knowing if they are meeting the satisfaction and expectations of the consumers. They will also have an idea of what people like, what to sell and raise new ideas for the betterment of the strategy that they can use to their businesses.

**For the Future Researchers.** This study will help the future researchers as a basis for further study about marketing strategies of milk tea shops. They can also use this study as their reference and as their guide in doing their own study. They can also use the presented ideas as reference data in conducting a new research or in testing the validity of other related findings.

## Methods

The researchers will use a Causal Analysis to achieve their goals. A Causal Analysis looks at the cause and effect of relationships between variables, with a focus on finding the cause of a correlation. To find the cause, you must question whether the observed correlations driving your conclusion are valid, as simply looking at the data surface won't help you discover the hidden mechanisms underlying the correlations. The observed relationships are simply average effects of the entire population in this research, which are studied in aggregate by many groups meaning the results might not apply to everyone.

## Expected Output
This study involved the increasing customer’s loyalty system for the Milk tea and Coffee Shop. The shop still has some shortcomings when it comes to a foolproof way to improve the customer loyalty strategy to hear straight from the source. Without customers’ honest opinions, it’ll take longer to cultivate a loyal audience. To ensure they enjoy their experience with your brand and will come back to collect consumer feedback.
Increasing Customer’s Loyalty for the customers of Milk tea and Coffee shops would be a great tool for the shop to make their business effective. Also, it provided a solution to the stated problem by enhancing the current study. This study provides an increasing customer’s loyalty of the Milk tea and Coffee Shop. It also provided a personalized thank you card, access to a special event or increased loyalty points are some of the ways to show your gratitude towards customers for their business.
